[docs] Formatting and proper noun tune-up (#4200)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/extend/custom-compose-files.md

There are [many examples of custom docker-compose files](https://github.com/drud/ddev-contrib#additional-services-added-via-docker-composeserviceyaml) available on [ddev-contrib](https://github.com/drud/ddev-contrib).

## Background

Under the hood, DDEV uses a private copy of docker-compose to define and run the multiple containers that make up the local environment for a project. docker-compose supports defining multiple compose files to facilitate [sharing Compose configurations between files and projects](https://docs.docker.com/compose/extends/), and DDEV is designed to leverage this ability.

To add custom configuration or additional services to your project, create docker-compose files in the its `.ddev` directory. DDEV will process any files with the `docker-compose.[servicename].yaml` naming convention and include them in executing docker-compose functionality. You can optionally create a `docker-compose.override.yaml` to override any configurations from the main `.ddev/.ddev-docker-compose-base.yaml` or any additional docker-compose files added to your project.

> !!!warning "Don’t modify `.ddev-docker-compose-base.yaml` or `.ddev-docker-compose-full.yaml`!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!warning "You will never modify the generated `.ddev-docker-compose-base.yaml` or `.ddev-docker-compose-full.yaml`!"
```

Author: Do you feel strongly about changing this tip’s *heading*, @rfay? I think shorter is better since it has supporting text, and “you will never” has a bit of a harsh, scolding-parent vibe where “don’t” is a more clear, concise direction. I can also _try_ to edit those files (defying “never”), it’ll just be a pointless and frustrating experience.

If anything, I’d work “generated” into the supporting text in case “overwritten” is too vague.

Reviewer: Whatever is fine. Not sure why "You will never" would be better than "Don't"

Reviewer: I guess just that some people go in there and do it. Maybe it happened that day :)
